this is the elevator at the Georgia
State University how they're all
building
heading sound good
four votes
basic interior
some raising the doors stop there I
don't know why we're going to try to put
this service elevator but this thing
this thing is massive going to go to
penthouse which is logged off so we're
going to go to see instead capacity on
this is 10,000 pounds and as all the
other elevators except for the one we
took the buzzer does not work which is
itself a good thing here's the rear
panel back up to four
New York ceiling
pretty huge to speed yours he's all
vendors are normally very busy despite
though having for traction elevators for
five floors